Im changing the EA Name to (THA KAD: ZARIUM CORE)
Also, when you all send me the copy write when it’s all finished, please copyright to: JL THA KAD
Im probably also going to want a version of the EA the only allows the neat version to be displayed. 
This is an indicator for the strategy I have decided on.
Buy Entry:
Buy entries will respect “3” (Apply to Low) MAs
1. A Fast MA example: MA Period: 1 |MA Shift: x | MA Method: SESL 
2. A Signal MA: This MA will be between the Fast and slow MA, and when the fact MA crosses this MA only BUY trades are allowed to Open. 
Example: MA Period: 2 |MA Shift: x | MA Method: SESLW

3. A Slow MA: MA Period: 4 |MA Shift: x | MA Method: SESLW
When the Fast MA crosses the Slow MA A Market Order is entered. This 3rd MA will replace the Pending Deviation Stop order, when the Deviation is set to Auto. It will act as a dynamic Pending Order in a way, but will be executed as a market Order.
Sell Entries Are the inverse of the Buy Entry’s and will respect 3 Apply to High MAs.
Exit options: 
1. Buys will close at the Sells “Signals MA” in between the Fast and Slow MA, Or Exit at the Sells “Slow MA” Entry Point. (Options are Signal or Slow) (individual color for each)
2. Sells will close at the Buys “Signal MA” in between the Fast and Slow MA, 
Or Exit at the Buys “Slow MA” Entry Point. (Options are Signal or Slow) (individual color for each)
3. Allow exit at MACD trend change. (new)
4. Allow buy exits at support Major Low pivot levels, Allow Sell exits at Resistance pivot levels Major High. (new) (allow this feature to specify which time period high or low to TP at.)
5. Parabolic Sar formations above and below. (new)
Also, for parabolic SAR exits I want to be able to specify values smaller than 0.009, so if I want, I can specify 0.0000001
6. Manually Pressed Exit buttons. (Already apart of EA)
-The ADX: If the ADX isn't above my specified level new trades do not open.
ADX S: Uses same time frame the EA was place on.
ADX +: Uses the time frame I specify 5m – monthly Options.







MACD will be used to verify trend continuations and direction.
Example -The MACD- Fast 1 | Slow 4 | SMA Period: x -If open order MAs cross their exit before ADX level is above level, the EA should check the MACD to confirm trend continuations before opening or closing orders. Look to exit orders when ADX is above X value. Trend continuation when MACD is same as.
If the MACD is below 0 or the SMA Line the EA will only ALLOW sell and reverse Buy trades as long as the Price is below the non-bypassed SMA. If revers Buys are off, only Sells will open.
If the MACD is above 0 or the SMA Line the EA will only ALLOW buy and reverse sell trades as long as the Price is above the non-bypassed SMA. If reverse Sells Are off only Buys will open.
Option to bypass SMA and simply respect Zero line to verify trend continuation. SMA will be used to play with what the EA considers a trend continuation. Momentum above 0 or non- non bypassed SMA, will be considered bullish and Momentum Below 0 or non-bypassed SMA will be considered Bearish.
Color options for MACD buy vs sell signals. So, if it's below SMA I can give it a sell color, if it is above SMA, I can give it a Buy color. 


















Also, I want a custom MACD.
It's still very much like the normal MT4 macd that has 1 SMA, 
But I want the custom MACD settings to include a nudge option for buy and sell SMA.
So, when the MA buy direction is confirmed the MACD SMA reacts by going into a buy mode.
Same for when sell direction confirmation.
Both the BUY MACD SMA and SELL MACD SMA will have a nudge parameter.
That is the parameter I want to add.

The added setting should look something like this: 
Buy SMA Nudge: 
backwards or forwards: will move the current SMA forward or backwards
forwards: 4
Up or Down: will move the current SMA up or down
Down: 4
Sell SMA Nudge
backwards or forwards:  will move the current SMA forward or backwards
forwards: 4
Up or Down: will move the current SMA up or down
Down: 4

What this will do is allow me to basically have whatever SMA value I have, but nudge the SMA to avoid false signals exit. 
So, if I like MACD SMA: 15 but it doesn't exactly avoid enough false signals, I can nudge it up as much as I want forward or backwards much like shift works for MAs. but by smaller increments.


Also, for the volume bars, also show the avg high, and avg low volume of the chart to place it on, like this volume indicator shows at the top left.
For instance, if I place it on the 1-minute time frame, it will show the avg 1 minute volume daily avg, and the 1m avg for the current day.
So, let's say I'm sleeping, I wake up and view that chart and take a look at the volumes.
I can see that while I was sleeping my buy volume reached a high of 30k 3 hours ago.
Basically, keeping a record of volumes for buys and sells.
Below is an example of the volume of buy and sell volumes, pretty much exactly how I want it to be.
Sells are sitting on top of buys, and the Volume amount is to the right side.
Also, like mentioned in the previous email, volumes below, and above my specified range will show up with the consolidation (king) color I specify. 
Sells will be the Dragon color I specify, and Buy volume will be the angel color I specify. 
Please update volumes to make sure the volume parameter allows me to specify sells volume range to trade and share dragon color, a buys volume range to trade and shares angel color, and the volumes below or above specified volume ranges greyed out and share king color.

Please add it as part of the Bands outer border, if possible, on the chart where volumes should be, and have a value to the right like the adx has 0 - 100, displayed to the right. Im trying to make it so that the bands fit as much information on it as possible. 

I just don’t like how the current volume strategy doesn’t separate buys and sell volume for some reason, and that when I pull up the volumes built into mt4 all volume is same color.















MA S: Respects the MAs of the time frame the EA was placed on.
MA +: With this set to daily, if I place the EA on the 5m time frame, I will trade the 5m using the daily fast signal slow for direction confirmation.

..........................

ADX: off/ on: Off bypassing ADX and trades will simply enter based on MAs. and MACD IF MACD IS ON.
ADX period:xxx
ADX Level:xxx
Apply to: C- W

The fixed minimum will automatically be whatever the level is all the way to FM100. 
Anything below level will be considered consolidating and will not allow trades to open.

ADX S: Uses Same time frame the EA was placed on. If I place EA on 15m it will use a 15-minute ADX.
ADX +: Uses different time frames: 5m through monthly. example: If set to 1H, ADX confirmation for 5m would respect 1H time frames ADX.
.........................
MACD: off/ on: This off means Trades will simply enter based on MA and ADX if ADX is on. MACD Used to verify trend.
Fast EMA:xxxx
Slow EMA:xxxx
MACD Signal: xxxx: Plays with what Indicator views as a trend continuation or not. 
Apply to: C- W


MACD S: Uses Same time frame the EA was placed on. If I place EA on 15 minute it will use a 15-minute MACD

MACD +: Uses different time frames and the EA was placed on. Example: If place the EA on 5m, and have MACD + set to 30m, it will still trade the 5 minute but base MACD trend continuation on the 30m time frame. 
........................
Display option: Allows you to see the strategy, the 3 MAs, trail stops etc. etc.

Hide strategy option will display a neat version of the EA, hiding the strategy and replacing it with:

King: Color: Consolidating
Angle: Color: Buy trend confirmed
Dragon Color: Sell trend confirmed.

All colors associated with buy, sell, and consolidation, will be mirrored in the indicators.

KAD Bands: Bands as shown in the image: will follow the price, and change colors depending on the confirmed direction,
The and Profits or loss made will be shown on this band, at the location of the profit/loss. 

Mark Profits with Green X $100
Mark Loss with Black X -$100

ADX: Fill in color of portions of adx that are down trend purple, portions uptrend, teal,

MACD: above SMA line will be example teal, below SMA line example purple. 
ADX below will show as grey.

Candles: The candle will change colors based on the confirmed trend direction just like the bands.
Replace the Buy entry with Arrow up for Buys with the Angel color, display on the band.
Replace Sell entry with Arrow down for sell, with Dragon Color, display on the band.
The front of the top and bottom bands should have Big Arrows connected. The arrow should have the confirmed title written inside (King, Angel, or Dragon) In white letters. The Arrow itself will be changing colors based on the confirmed direction.
Sells:
Entry: Fast cross signal, Fast cross Slow, signal cross slow and MACD is below SMA line.
Exit: Fast cross Signal, Fast cross slow, signal cross slow. And MACD does as well.
Or
Exit: When MACD crosses from above to below SMA
Sells and reverse buys will be enabled if the trend is down.
Or
If parabolic SAR forms above price
Buys:
Entry: Fast cross signal, Fast cross Slow, signal cross slow and MACD is above SMA line.
Exit: Fast cross Signal, Fast cross slow, signal cross slow and MACD does as well
Or
Exit: When MACD crosses from Below to Above SMA
Or if parabolic Sar forms below price.
Buys and reverse sells will be enabled if the trend is up.
To confirm if trend is up or down “MAs”, and “MACD will be same as cross direction” and “ADX level is above.”
I want to make sure the Completed version of this EA is neat and organized.
King: Grey
Angel: Teal
Dragon: Royal Purple
In that order… but maintain the ability to change these default colors. 
Buy signal: All buy candles will be X color even if candle is actually a sell, it’s not considered a sell color unless the signal is a sell. (Above ADX amount) (Labeled Angel)
Sell Signals: All sell candles will be x color even if candle actually buy, it’s not considered a buy color unless the signal is a buy. (Above ADX amount) (Labeled Dragon) 
Consolidating market: All candles will have x color signifying that no new trades will open. (ADX period below specified amount) (labeled King)
A Tunnel Option hides the 6 MAs and replaces them with 2 thick bands surrounding the price much like B bands, large enough so that a price text can fit on the band. “King Angel Dragon” represents buy or sell or consolidation periods. I want the bands to Change colors based on the market phase as the candles do. When a profit is made, the dollar amount should show up on the band in the location the profit was made with a green X, if a loss was made, the loss amount in Dollars should show up with a black X. Buys will show up on the TOP band, Sells will show up on the Bottom Band.

I want a Panel Option to Hide or Display what the actual strategy. 
When hidden, the clean version above will show 
When displayed, I will see the actual strategy, the trail stops, the reverse line colors the trail stop colors etc. 
And regain the ability to specify individual colors for each.
I also want to make sure I can open and minimize these indicators, So I can pull up the indicators I want to look at when I need to.







MACD Exit option:
Also, another update to also choose to allow Exit when overall trends end. 

So, if EMA price crossed below MACD SMA buy trends end and trade can exit, and the EA when confirm to enter Sell and reverse buy orders only until that trend ends.

This would allow the MA fast slow to be lower "example": 1 -23 MAs, but stay in trades until the Price on MACDs higher Fast and Slow "example": 50 - 400 EMAs when EMA crosses SMA.

This way I can decide to exit via MA cross which we already discussed which is more of a scalping approach, or exit via MACD cross. Which is more of a swing approach.
















Buy Lot size options: Manual, percent margin, percent equity for each buy and sell option individually
Buy lots Base: example: 10% margin
Win increase: If the trade is won, increase by 4% margin
or
Win decrease: If trade is won, decrease by 7% margin

Loss increase: If trade is lost, increase by 4% margin
or
Loss decrease: if trade is lost, decrease by 7% margin
 Sell lots base: example: manual 0.1
Win increase: If the trade is won, increase by 0.02
or
Win decrease: If the trade is won, decrease by 0.02
Loss increase: if trade is lost, increase by 0.03
or
Loss decrease: If trade is lost, decrease by 0.07
 Reverse Buy base: example: equity 1%
Win increase: Same as margin but in equity
Win decrease: Same as margin but in equity
or
Loss increase: Same as margin but in equity
Loss decrease: Same as margin but in equity
 Reverse Sell base: manual 0.06
Win increase:
Win decrease:
or
Loss increase:
Loss decrease:

Also Added
incorporating a minimum risk-reward ratio for each trade. This ensures that the potential reward justifies the risk taken on the trade. (Added option)
Maximum Drawdown: Set a maximum drawdown limit for your trading account. If the account equity falls below this level, the EA will stop trading or adjust its trading parameters to reduce risk until the drawdown is under control. (Added option)
Position Sizing: Implement a position sizing algorithm that determines the appropriate lot size for each trade based on account balance, risk tolerance, and stop loss level. This helps ensure that each trade's potential loss is within acceptable limits (Added option)
Average True Range (ATR): ATR measures market volatility and can help you set a stop loss based on the average price movement. A larger ATR value suggests a wider stop loss, while a smaller ATR value indicates a narrower stop loss. 
To Be clear, I want the ATR to give a multiplication option. So, if atr is 40 x 1, sl would be 40, and x2 would be 80. I prefer it to allow me to use the previous low for buys and previous high for sell. as a starting point before counting, but if there is none just start from the current candle. The lot size algorithm will have to take into account this stop loss. 
x1
x2
x3
x4 
and so on.

I also want to specify a usable amount of my account balance. So let's say I somehow make 10k but only want the EA to trade as if it had 1k. It will lot size based on that 1k instead of 10k.

Use ATR SL option, for Buy and Sell separately displayed in pips, (not o. oo12) just 12 pips for buys and sells, display current buy and sell ATR pip values in Bands, use buy weekly ATR number to specify the Stop loss, to do so, use the previous low or previous high as a starting point, and then add on the ATR value from the position.  To be clear, I do not want the ATR displayed as a line graph, I simply want the pip number displayed. And charted on the BANDS. (If there is no previous high or low it should double the ATR value and set that as the stop loss.





On the Bands I also want the Pip display of how far away the Major high and Major Low is from the price, and this should include each time frame. And lines should be drawn on the Wicks.
I want to specify a distance from support and resistance where new same direction orders can not be opened., in prep for trend changes.
For instance, if im in a buy trend im expecting the price to bounce off the MH resistance level, so I want to filter out new same direction buy orders from opening around those pivot points. This should not effect oppose direction trades from opening.
Example: off/on
Filter distance from Resistance: 50 pips 
Filter distance from support: 30 pips
Example: If I place the EA on the 1 minute, the 1 minute will respect each of these levels the same based on the filters. Obviously If I plan to place the EA on a higher time frame the EA will respect the High time frame Levels, not the lower time frame levels. And of course, I would optimize it to respect a large pip value.
Info displayed on bands for each time frame:
Info Example if im on the 1-minute chart, the bands will display pip distances based on 1 minute price.
1m: MH 10 pips ML 20 pip -support resistance lines drawn at those locations
5m:  MH 30 pip ML 50 pip- support and resistance lines at those locations
15m: MH ML
30m: MH ML
1H: MH ML
4H: MH ML
Daily: MH ML
Weekly: MH ML
Monthly: MH ML
To be clear, the MA close the trades, but this makes sure no new same direction trades open. 





To be clearer about the MH and ML pivot filter. 
Exit: on or off: Time frame: 1- monthly. (Exit doesn’t stop the filter to stoping orders from opening.)
MH Below Filter: 10 pips (On the 1-minute chart, EA will draw out the 5m, 15m, 30m,1h,4h, daily, weekly, monthly lines Resistance lines at wick level. 

Example: 10 pips below these levels, buy/ reverse sell orders will not be able to open.

ML Above Filter: 10 pips: (On the 1-minute chart, EA will draw out the 5m, 15m, 30m,1h,4h, daily, weekly, monthly lines Resistance lines at wick level. 

Example: 10 pips Above these levels, sell/ reverse buy orders will not be able to open.

On the 5 minute for example: 15m -monthly it will respect the above time frames, and so on...

I want the option to automate the MH and ML pivot filters, using a volume profile indicator.
It’s the same idea but the EA will use low volume areas as filter & breakeven point, it should display the pip distance away from Highs and lows and auto filter. 

Buy trends should only be affected by high pivot filters. 
Sell trend should only be affected by low filters

These should not interrupt buy and sell entry and exits at pivot points. 
The volume profile indicator should start at wick levels of the high to low levels.

Also, the clean version can just display a number text on the bands next to triangle, and upside-down triangle with the king color, that says how close or far from the pivot filter area the price is, and when the price reaches that Area, it should display a highlighted triangle with the Angel color for MHs, and an upside-down triangle for MLs with the dragon color. Each for the different time frames. The strategy version will show the lines and all.


Also, I want the EA to have the ability to enable an auto breakeven when the price crossed above the example: 10 pip pivot filter location, or the Filter being used by the Volume profile indicator, securing whatever profit was made up to that point.

So, the MH pivot filters will also be used to determine breakeven. 

Example: MH Pivot BE- off or on
Example: ML Pivot BE - off or on


Swing continuous mode/auto - Single Mode /auto
Please note that the cost of this implementation will be $150.
Auto:
 
"Same for lot sizing which I should you in the email before this 1."
It will cost $115.
 
"Sorry for misunderstanding, I want to be able to individually have a trail stop amount I do not want all buys, sell, reverse buy, reverse sells, to have a linked trail stop,"
It will cost $95
 
"Yes, the panel, that shows the filters and time etc., when there are a lot of candles, the candles cover the panel numbers so I can see it."
It's not a panel, it's custom EA comments that cannot be modified. Building a panel to display that information will cost $125.
 
"Please tell me how much it will cost to add a limit order option.
I want to be able to specify whether I trade with stop orders, or limit orders."
It will cost $325. (undecided)


Indicator Cost: ???









Fixes: 
Also please fix the Alerts, the alerts as of right now, I have to turn off because it continuously alerts nonstop, and pops up a box that if closed results in more alert boxes being opened.
Please fix it so that 1 box and 1 alert pops up that confirms a trade direction and that's all, no more alerts until a trend direction change occurs. 


Along with the panel changes I already asked for:

I Also want the panel to Have the same colors as the strategy, so that everything is uniform.

I want a tab in the panel to show monthly returns 1- 12

And in the same tab display: 
Profits: (positive angel, negative dragon)
Total trades: 
Profit Factor: (positive angel, negative dragon)
Expected Payoff: (positive angel, negative dragon)
Drawdowns: (positive angel, negative dragon)
Drawdown percentage: (positive angel, negative dragon)
and recovery factor: (positive angel, negative dragon)

Also Please, the next time you respond, give me a price. I've been asking for the price for 3 weeks now. 

For the monthly returns display percent and $ amount for each month. 
And color code it the same as uptrend color for (angel) profits, and down trend color for (dragon) losses.
So, I can easily identify losing and winning months.
Color code profits and losses in the same manner for All positive and negative features of the EA.

The buy, sell and close all orders: should all use the same panel just different tabs.







MACD ADX display window:

Im not really sure what you all are capable of doing as far as custom indicators are concerned, but if you all are able to some how join the MACD, ADX into 1 display window, to save space that would be fine. Maybe that means ADX above level is represent differently than the line graph is displayed, if you all know of a way to incorporate the same info into 1 display a different way, please let me know, I don’t want all these windows taking up too much space. 

Or maybe that means the ADX alters the way the MACD appears, by simply displaying ADX on the MACD represented as a color darker color indicating adx is above in that area of the MACD, so it would maintain the ADX period and level, and maintain the trend color of the what ever the MACD color is, but make it darker angel, or darker dragon. 

